README.md, before:

# Note Taker App

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

## Table of Contents 

* [Overview](#Overview)
* [Access](#Access)
* [Details](#Details)
* [Questions](#Questions)


# Overview

This is an application that allows the user to type in and save notes, and then access those notes later. 

# Access

To use this application, clone the repo, run npm intall, and then run node server.js. This will allow you to create and save new notes. 

You can find the GitHub repo here: https://github.com/caitie-gorham/noteTaker

Heroku App [NOT CURRENTLY WORKING]: https://note-taker-caitie-gorham.herokuapp.com

# Details

This is an application that allows users to create, save and access text notes in a browser. The user comes first to a home page, then can click the button to go to the notes page. On the notes page, the user can write a new note with a title, and save that note. They can also access previous notes by clicking on them in the left-hand side menu. 

# Questions
Project Created By: Cait Gorham

GitHub User Name: caitie-gorham

Email: em.caitie@gmail.com

Commit message:

updated readme with heroku link and screenshots

README.md, after:

# Note Taker App

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

## Table of Contents 

* [Overview](#Overview)
* [Access](#Access)
* [Details](#Details)
* [Questions](#Questions)


# Overview

This is an application that allows the user to type in and save notes, and then access those notes later. 

# Access

To use on Heroku, simply click the link below to get started. 

To use locally, clone the repo, run npm intall, and then run node server.js. This will allow you to create and save new notes. 

You can find the GitHub repo here: https://github.com/caitie-gorham/noteTaker

Heroku App: https://pure-island-68360.herokuapp.com

# Details

This is an application that allows users to create, save and access text notes in a browser. The user comes first to a home page, then can click the button to go to the notes page. On the notes page, the user can write a new note with a title, and save that note. They can also access previous notes by clicking on them in the left-hand side menu. 

![Alt text](./assets/NotesHomepage.png?raw=true "Homepage")

![Alt text](./assets/NotesPage.png?raw=true "Notes Page")

# Questions

Project Created By: Cait Gorham

GitHub User Name: caitie-gorham

Email: em.caitie@gmail.com
